Economy and Business

In economy and business, here are the main updates from the national, state, and local levels.

Most people have a certain amount they hope to earn before retiring. However, the latest price tag for a comfortable retirement comes with a bit of sticker shock. By the numbers: Americans believe they need $1.46 million to retire comfortably this year, which would provide approximately $4,800 in retirement income per month, according to a study by Northwestern Mutual. Why it matters to NYC: Relevant to NYC economy business — check the full article for specific local implications. According to FOX 5 New York, via local coverage.

Which glue for glass is best? Gluing glass can be trickier than a lot of other materials, but whether you’re dealing with a broken vase, fish tank or window, there are glues specifically designed for the job. The three main types of glue used on glass are super glues, epoxy and silicone sealants. Why it matters to NYC: Relevant to NYC economy business — check the full article for specific local implications. According to New York Daily News, via local coverage.

Brooklyn Bridge Access to Get World Cup Glow Up: Mamdani Expecting a summer soccer tourist surge, Hizzoner announced a plan to make getting on and off the beloved span less perilous for bikes and pedestrians by eliminating the bike and pedestrian bottleneck on the Manhattan side. The World Cup is coming, the World Cup is coming! And whatever oneâs sporting interest in the event might be, culturally and, the city hopes, economically, this will be a huge deal. Why it matters to NYC: Relevant to NYC economy business — check the full article for specific local implications. According to Our Town, via local coverage.

Politics and Government

In politics and government, here are the main updates from the national, state, and local levels.

TUCSON, Ariz. - Tuesday marks Day 66 in the search for Nancy Guthrie, the 84-year-old mother of NBC "Today" show host Savannah Guthrie. Nancy disappeared from her Tucson-area home on Feb. Why it matters to NYC: Relevant to NYC politics government — check the full article for specific local implications. According to FOX 5 New York, via local coverage.

President Trump Tuesday threatened to destroy “a whole civilization” if Iran doesn’t cave to his demands ahead of a looming deadline. In an ominous statement, Trump suggested he “probably will” unleash widespread attacks on Iranian civilian infrastructure unless leadership in Tehran negotiate a deal over U.S. demands for a ceasefire and to reopen the strategic Straits of Hormuz. Why it matters to NYC: Relevant to NYC politics government — check the full article for specific local implications. According to New York Daily News, via local coverage.

New York is at a critical moment. Tenants were promised bold action, including a rent freeze, and an administration would meet the housing crisis with urgency. Now those promises are colliding with fiscal constraints, coalition politics, and the realities of governing. Why it matters to NYC: Relevant to NYC politics government — check the full article for specific local implications. According to New York Daily News, via local coverage.

Mayor Mamdani on Tuesday tapped Rebecca Jones Gaston as the next commissioner of the Administration for Children’s Services, New York City’s child protective services agency. Jones Gaston is a former President Joe Biden official and frontline caseworker, according to City Hall. In interviews, she has spoken about her own background being a Black child adopted from foster care by a white family in the Midwest. Why it matters to NYC: Relevant to NYC politics government — check the full article for specific local implications. According to New York Daily News, via local coverage.

Public Safety

In public safety, here are the main updates from the national, state, and local levels.

Kittleson was kidnapped on April 2 in Baghdad, Iraq. American journalist Shelly Kittleson, who was kidnapped in Baghdad, Iraq, on March 31, is to be released by her abductors, according to the Iran-backed group that allegedly took her captive. Abu Mujahid al-Assaf, a security official with Hezbollah Brigades, also known as Kataib Hezbollah, announced that Kittleson will be released on the condition that "she leaves the country immediately." In a post on social media, al-Assaf said, "This initiative will not be repeated again in the coming days, as we are in a state of war waged by the Zionist-American enemy against Islam, and in such cases many considerations fall away." Kittleson, a 49-year-old freelance journalist originally from Wisconsin, was abducted off a street in Baghdad in broad daylight, according to the Iraqi Ministry of Interior. Why it matters to NYC: Relevant to NYC public safety — check the full article for specific local implications. According to ABC7 New York, via local coverage.

Federal immigration agents based in the New York City field office arrested three times as many people in early 2026 compared to the same time period in 2025, according to new data from the Department of Homeland Security. The data contains nuances and paints a complicated picture of President Donald Trump's effort to target undocumented immigrants. For instance, fewer of the 2026 arrests resulted in deportation. Why it matters to NYC: Relevant to NYC public safety — check the full article for specific local implications. According to Gothamist, via local coverage.

A Queens man accused of fatally shooting Run-DMC co-founder Jam Master Jay came one step closer to freedom Monday, months after a federal judge overturned his murder conviction in a bombshell decision. Karl Jordan Jr., 42, who’s been locked up since his arrest in 2020, still faces several pending drug distribution and firearm offenses, which were split off from the murder case. But he’s now set to be released on a $1 million bond, secured by 17 of his family members— after spending more than five years in MDC Brooklyn since his indictment for the rap icon’s cold case 2002 murder, Brooklyn Federal Court Judge LaShann DeArcy Hall ruled Monday. Why it matters to NYC: Relevant to NYC public safety — check the full article for specific local implications. According to New York Daily News, via local coverage.

Climate and Energy

In climate and energy, here are the main updates from the national, state, and local levels.

For decades, NYC’s industrial and manufacturing sectors have served as the city’s most reliable engine of opportunity. In Long Island City, North Brooklyn, and the South Bronx, a diverse landscape of fabrication shops, food distributors, and logistics hubs provide a critical foundation for our local economy. They provide stable, middle-class pathways for thousands of New Yorkers, particularly within immigrant and minority communities. Why it matters to NYC: Relevant to NYC climate energy — check the full article for specific local implications. According to New York Daily News, via local coverage.

New York is at a critical moment. Tenants were promised bold action, including a rent freeze, and an administration would meet the housing crisis with urgency. Now those promises are colliding with fiscal constraints, coalition politics, and the realities of governing. Why it matters to NYC: Relevant to NYC climate energy — check the full article for specific local implications. According to New York Daily News, via local coverage.

Education

In education, here are the main updates from the national, state, and local levels.

FORT WORTH, Texas - More than three years after the death of Athena Strand, the capital murder trial for Tanner Horner began with a guilty plea. Horner, a former delivery driver accused of kidnapping and strangling the 7-year-old after hitting her with his van in 2022, admitted to her capital murder in a Tarrant County courthouse on Tuesday morning. The punishment phase of the trial began immediately afterward. Why it matters to NYC: Relevant to NYC education — check the full article for specific local implications. According to FOX 5 New York, via local coverage.

The father of 7-month-old Kaori Patterson-Moore may not have been the intended target after all when his daughter was struck in her stroller by a stray bullet, the Brooklyn D.A. said Tuesday after the suspects were indicted for murder by a grand jury. Accused shooter Amuri Greene, 21, was hit with a raft of charges including murder, attempted murder, assault, and weapon possession for the slaying of little Kaori on April 1. Why it matters to NYC: Relevant to NYC education — check the full article for specific local implications. According to New York Daily News, via local coverage.

That concludes today's briefing.
